Add predicate method to polymorphic slots (#1437)
github/view_component: docs/guide/slots.md

  <% end >
<% end %>
```

> To test whether a polymorphic slot has been passed to the component, use the provided `#{slot_name}?` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see whether a polymorphic slot has been passed to the component, use the `#{slot_name}?` method.
```

  <% end >
<% end %>
```

To test whether a polymorphic slot has been passed to the component, use the provided `#{slot_name}?` method.

```erb

> <% if visual? %>
>   <div>
>     <div><%= content %></div>
>     <%= visual %>
>   </div>
> <% else %>
>   <div>content</div>
> <% end %>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<% if visual? %>
  <%= visual %>
<% else %>
  <span class="visual-placeholder">N/A</span>
<% end %>
```

Minor, but thoughts on simplifying this example to remove `content` from the equation (we also use `content` in two different ways in the current diff)?
